the dawn in the forest awakens the most diverse forms of video
the green of the forest revealed days later and many
the works became stage of where during the spring
but the details of the psdc presented in rituals of reproduction
of the Atlantic Forest to debut in the river bowl on penalties in a group in the
attempt to decide
- colorful than the bass
in relation to prices
in its history
more than a thousand miles away in the Amazon rainforest
due to the accident with another ten months
I left running
was also willing to help us bring
meanwhile, unemployment imagines
Lula received ten years
the Indian red head with only seven centimeters does not measure efforts
to reach an agreement
the pms over
state submission
ends in a forum for peace
Already Japan
today is one of the most visibility cities for the event
considers that the objective of demarcating the territory
taxpayer who chooses to build
trees mean everything to the arts
the perfect backdrop for reproduction
shelter for nests
effective food source
it is not difficult to verify errors
to perceive the behavior of cities
just take time to intervene
but behind what appears to be just a relationship of dependence
much more than that
when you contemplate a closed forest
it's hard to see
a lady
hid the parts
after a complete mission
The moment we look at something that stands out the most
a large telephone
already in the price vision
the one that catches the most attention
it's just this other
the uprising
for us a plant with little importance
for the bugs
a coral bar restaurant
and to the woods
showing that red
you must be wondering how sarney got in the middle of the river
but still far from the recent
take off as far as you do not bury me
do this because it's the same for everyone a lot
fruits these fruits
has a large amount of seeds are these elongated fruits but in a
kilo of grains we counted a million seeds approximately
on the other hand the dispersion of it is made because it does not deserve psp has works
is practically Arabic that has the largest number of animals in the
forest
and we spent 10% of the monkeys at the end a multitude of animals feed on
side and let's go
space along the forest where she will fulfill the paper when necessary
in brazil there are about 40 species of then
are different in size of things format
but all have a very good future stayed in 10 days and adopted by the
Ceará
the yahoo
a few hours before its release some modifications
in any case it is impressed with the quantity of species that visit
the acquisition of natural weapons
the name of our people added
their race
I dreamed south of the amazon
dream about why
already with the subject
Fernanda is blue
the black beak toucan
left brown head
I leave u
out of bank
and when you think you've seen the sabesp
in the forest
Cyprian
what about the seven worst damages
everyone loves
fruit of the intel
and each visitor to kill the hunger
takes life away from the form of seeds that are scattered
it's in the air a question
the most abundant seed of the forest and that of itaú
because there are
are few in the woods
It may not look like it, but I'm walking.
on an old runway in the south of Para
it was here
in 1995
our team of yours to record an excerpt from a globe reporter on fishing
sport
two years later the track was deactivated
in an action of man the whole area
in just over ten years
transformed into a regenerating forest
the rival
is a precise work to germinate this seed without any condition of much
light only then in environments that have been opened as is the case of this track
landing gear
that the seed may find a condition of great light to grow and become
become a borges that formed solely by embaúbas and offer
these fruits for a series of animals get more wrong here
while feeding involved
they run cogitava where they were seeds of other species that today the
I already saw that you do not have
I have clay
they die later
they end up precisely because of the evolution of regeneration
the environment that is changing and the growth of other areas
in this embaúbas race will find a more closed environment of low light and
so just a few older individuals first let us ask
still reaching there in the canopy high above
managing to capture the light the vast majority
dying and being replaced by these forest species
forest life manifests itself in the days of the facts said
but second green cable